{
  "magic": "E!vIA5L86J2I",
  "timestamp": "2021-05-09T00:23:55.232916+00:00",
  "repo": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
  "labels": [
    {
      "name": "bug",
      "description": "Something isn't working",
      "color": "d73a4a"
    },
    {
      "name": "documentation",
      "description": "Improvements or additions to documentation",
      "color": "0075ca"
    },
    {
      "name": "duplicate",
      "description": "This issue or pull request already exists",
      "color": "cfd3d7"
    },
    {
      "name": "enhancement",
      "description": "New feature or request",
      "color": "a2eeef"
    },
    {
      "name": "good first issue",
      "description": "Good for newcomers",
      "color": "7057ff"
    },
    {
      "name": "help wanted",
      "description": "Extra attention is needed",
      "color": "008672"
    },
    {
      "name": "invalid",
      "description": "This doesn't seem right",
      "color": "e4e669"
    },
    {
      "name": "question",
      "description": "Further information is requested",
      "color": "d876e3"
    },
    {
      "name": "wontfix",
      "description": "This will not be worked on",
      "color": "ffffff"
    }
  ],
  "issues": [
    {
      "number": 12,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4MDI1MjA4MTM=",
      "title": "Report Status",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/12",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "The report is marked as a BCP. Is that the intent?",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:38:36Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:41:36Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-08T17:41:36Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "ups.. my fault.",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:40:43Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:40:43Z"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 13,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4MDI1MjExNTA=",
      "title": "Measurement-based Observations on Network Traffic Dynamics",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/13",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Measurement-based Observations on Network Traffic Dynamics\r\n-  2nd to last paragraph: \u201cThis behavior is antagonistic, yet complementary, to the one observed in residential ISPs.\u201d \u2014 I don\u2019t understand the intent of that sentence.\r\n\r\n- Last paragraph: \u201cThis gives another indication that the scalng of shared resources in the Internet is working resonably well enough to handle even larger changes in traffic as experience during the first nearly global lockdown of the COVID-19 pandemic. \u201c - Does this mean \u201clarger changes\u2026than experienced\u201d? ",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:39:28Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:47:17Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-08T17:47:17Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "First point: my fault I copied&pasted it to the wrong position.\r\nSecond point: will fix.",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:46:22Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:46:22Z"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 14,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4MDI1MjE0OTM=",
      "title": "Example Campus Networks:",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/14",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "The last sentence in the first paragraph seems redundant to the more detailed 2nd sentence.",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:40:17Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:31:25Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-16T10:31:25Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "Which sentence is redundant to which...?",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:49:33Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:49:33Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "bacampbe",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "\"The Politecnico di Torino University (Italy) deployed its in-house solution for remote teaching, which caused the outgoing traffic to grow by 2.5 times, driven by more than 600 daily online classes.\"\r\n... and ...\r\n\"Further, outgoing traffic increased as well due to remote working solutions such as collaboration platforms,\r\nVPNs and remote desktop.\"\r\n\r\nI originally red the first to mean the same as the second (with more detail.), thinking of only classes as a kind of collaboration platform. But maybe those are different, and the second sentence does mention VPN, etc. Perhaps something like the following would work?\r\n\r\n\"Outgoing traffic also increased due to other remote working solutions, such as collaboration platforms, VPNs, and remote desktops.\"\r\n",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:55:43Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:55:43Z"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 15,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4MDI1MjE3ODc=",
      "title": "Last-Mile Congestion:",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/15",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Can we find a more technical term than \u201clarge-eyeball networks\u201d?\r\n",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:40:59Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:21Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:20Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "do you have a proposal?",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:47:37Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:47:37Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "bacampbe",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "maybe \"networks with a very large number of users\"?",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:49:24Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:49:24Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "fixed by #19 ",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:20Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:20Z"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 16,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4MDI1MjIwNjA=",
      "title": "User Behavior",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/16",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "\u201cSmartphone application usage changed, with fastest growth in COVID-19, remote working, e-learning, wellness, education, remote health consultation, and social shared experienceapplications.\u201d \r\n\r\nAre there words missing after COVID-19? (the growth of COVID-19, in itself, seems an odd entry for this list.)",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:41:40Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:10Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:10Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "COVID-19 is actually a category; this is apps related to COVID-19 like tracking apps.\r\n\r\nI guess we could just says \"apps related to COVID-19\"?",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:51:38Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:51:38Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "bacampbe",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "That works better. Or maybe \"... related to COVID-19 tracking and information,...\"?",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:58:05Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:58:05Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "fixed by #19 ",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:10Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:32:10Z"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 17,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4MDI1MjIzMzM=",
      "title": "Digital Divide",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/17",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "\"One possible reason for this in the data is decisions by some ISPs, such as Comcast and Cox, that increased speeds for users on certain plans and in certain areas.\u201d \r\n\r\nIs it worth noting that they increased speed for certain _lower-cost_ plans?\r\n",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:42:18Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T18:22:14Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-08T18:22:14Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "I think that makes sense. @csperkins @jlivingood okay?",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T17:52:38Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T17:52:38Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "jlivingood",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "Agree - makes sense\r\ns/on certain plans/on certain lower-cost plans",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T18:14:45Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T18:14:45Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "csperkins",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "Yes, that's what was discussed. ",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-08T18:17:05Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-08T18:17:05Z"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 22,
      "id": "MDU6SXNzdWU4NjUxMDM3Nzk=",
      "title": "Conclusions section lacking observability conclusion",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/issues/22",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "kirstyp",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "In my review of this report, I realised that there is no mention of observability in the conclusions, which seems like an oversight to be fixed, given there is a section on it in the main report.",
      "createdAt": "2021-04-22T15:47:11Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:19:42Z",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-05T10:19:42Z",
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "I think the first bullet point in the conclusion is meant to address observability (it just doesn't use the term):\r\n\r\n```\r\nBetter understanding of the health of the Internet: Going forward, the critical nature that the Internet plays in our lives means that the health of the Internet needs to receive significant attention. Understanding how well networks work is not just a technical matter, it is also of crucial importance to the people and economy of the societies using it. Projects and research that monitor Internet and services performance in a broad scale and across different networks are therefore important.\r\n```\r\n\r\nDo need to say more? Should we just add the term observability somewhere?",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-04T14:42:09Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T14:42:09Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "I created PR #25 with a minor fix to say \"observability\" there...",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-04T14:44:05Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T14:44:05Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "PR #25 was merged.",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-05T10:19:42Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:19:42Z"
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "pulls": [
    {
      "number": 1,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTU0MTQ0MDkx",
      "title": "PoliTo content",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/1",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "marty90",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-13T12:16:16Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-13T12:41:27Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "f2d6000b333be15a73b11f1e68d86327f56aac9d",
      "headRepository": "marty90/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "d9344e0f04ce9091e36ddfa8c4162da539c38d37",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-13T12:41:27Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-13T12:41:26Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "b91cbad9c7de3909e3bdea9fe58b8e4ca282e0a8"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 2,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTU2ODYzMDgx",
      "title": "Add .circleci/config.yml",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/2",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-18T14:54:10Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:15:21Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "d9275f528fa742201b53bf9b1aeca36acc116753",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "circleci-project-setup",
      "headRefOid": "ca7d45d16e125230036968850f0b0c38f8d36f69",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-19T14:39:39Z",
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 3,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTU3NTk2OTk4",
      "title": "Update draft-iab-covid19-workshop.md",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/3",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "jlivingood",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Suggested changes -- grammatical & spelling corrections as well as other changes",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-19T17:38:26Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T14:59:30Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "9f6f6f58a11238017a12500d9e44a6d752ebaa66",
      "headRepository": "jlivingood/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "aeaed40993d23dbe4ebc5b2aa469fb9b2f888063",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-22T14:59:30Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-22T14:59:29Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "6f4f3767bb674b50bbd26bfefff4d7e9aac0e4c3"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": [
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NTcyMTgzODg2",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "cb1d1f1"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "COMMENTED",
          "body": "",
          "createdAt": "2021-01-20T12:45:46Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-01-20T12:45:46Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 16,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nappeared rather abruptly and were significant, in particular during the introduction of the\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-01-20T12:45:46Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T14:58:16Z"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 4,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTYwMDI3NTc4",
      "title": "Proposed edits by Jason Livingood for last mile congestion section",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/4",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-22T15:12:04Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:15:20Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "6f4f3767bb674b50bbd26bfefff4d7e9aac0e4c3",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "75d12784305f8993b2940f6d687c824e5ec1db9e",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-03T13:56:12Z",
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "I think these edits are outdated.",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-03T13:56:12Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T13:56:12Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 5,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTYwMDI4Nzkz",
      "title": "Proposed text by Jason Livingood for section 3.3",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/5",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-22T15:14:02Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:15:18Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "6f4f3767bb674b50bbd26bfefff4d7e9aac0e4c3",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-2",
      "headRefOid": "6f4615eb1bc35d5f3b290c9f2825a031753a0f57",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-22T18:09:11Z",
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "@sftcd There is some proposed text here from Jason Livingood. Feel free to merge or otherwise use in your update!",
          "createdAt": "2021-01-22T15:15:32Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T15:15:32Z"
        },
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "outdated.",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-22T18:09:11Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-22T18:09:11Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 6,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTYxMjAyNjA5",
      "title": "Draft text discussing traffic changes due to COVID-19",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/6",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "ohohlfeld",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-25T16:30:38Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-29T20:16:17Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "41a99eb08280c57e20d72864c05a7869bc34e88a",
      "headRepository": "ohohlfeld/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "master",
      "headRefOid": "19e4d18b4a7bb0025d43115ad21273338564ed9d",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-29T20:16:17Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-29T20:16:17Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "a35d1096d1639fb418610f9c216797d979c77355"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": [
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NTc1NTg2MDQw",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "a404908"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "COMMENTED",
          "body": "Just two quick questions before I merge...",
          "createdAt": "2021-01-25T16:41:05Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-01-25T16:43:03Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 44,
              "body": "Was it on purpose to now have this as a subsection?",
              "createdAt": "2021-01-25T16:41:05Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-01-29T20:16:07Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 73,
              "body": "Shouldn't such a conclusion paragraph come after the mobile networks subsection?",
              "createdAt": "2021-01-25T16:42:24Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-01-29T20:16:07Z"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 7,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTY0MjY4MTQ4",
      "title": "Text from Andra Lutu",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/7",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Need to exchange \"we\" with a reference to their paper + add Andra to acknowledgement before merging",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-29T21:33:28Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:15:15Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "39719dc37b1a4f7b9f7dd133180772e4fe3c0650",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-3",
      "headRefOid": "69ab507c508ee432ebbcd42d40e6419011340c63",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-31T16:47:57Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-31T16:47:57Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "23335505f54302317cc56c91283cccd74b609e5e"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 8,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTY0MjkxNTgw",
      "title": "minor revision",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/8",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "ohohlfeld",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-29T22:32:42Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-29T22:33:31Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "39719dc37b1a4f7b9f7dd133180772e4fe3c0650",
      "headRepository": "ohohlfeld/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "master",
      "headRefOid": "3e6741adc09489aadf98d59fd35f9dd505911df6",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-29T22:33:31Z",
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 9,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTY0MzAxNTYw",
      "title": "minor revision",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/9",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "ohohlfeld",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-29T23:04:07Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-31T16:34:58Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "39719dc37b1a4f7b9f7dd133180772e4fe3c0650",
      "headRepository": "ohohlfeld/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "master",
      "headRefOid": "beef97995e08173e2ecd44615750d39007e0db85",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-31T16:34:58Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-31T16:34:58Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "fbc36ae9161dbc04dbbc7f285d4c04c38d5a26ca"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 10,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTY0NjkyMzEw",
      "title": "Proposal to merge sections",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/10",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-31T17:12:37Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:14:59Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "91e4f5b9802e0f482648fa4df7174dfa68d8377f",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-4",
      "headRefOid": "a08b0a52acc1cf72a07995343031ce818400936b",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-01T17:17:37Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-02-01T17:17:37Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "8b48cbe1917903efef080e2c6b3f5a86fb584006"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 11,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTY4NjQ5ODk5",
      "title": "Editorial Stuff",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/11",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "bacampbe",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "These are some edits for grammar and a few for style. I also took the liberty of wrapping some unwrapped lines to make it easier for me to review.",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-05T22:37:23Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:24:55Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "1cc6d353438c8682c6b37e0d6c827644da67998a",
      "headRepository": "bacampbe/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "master",
      "headRefOid": "e10d60383aa4d48be6aff87c720ebbcf0e7ae8a0",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-16T10:24:55Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-02-16T10:24:55Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "9dd92e7fa92d2ead1fede3c83385b91d0e22f313"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 18,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTc0MDcxOTY5",
      "title": "Run aspell over the whole document",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/18",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "ogasser",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Fixes typos, mispellings, etc.",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-16T10:01:50Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:16:10Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "e6c722bac3d5568936fdfe35e6b283cccd6db73c",
      "headRepository": "ogasser/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "master",
      "headRefOid": "240bbaa5a997ca5fe59a9c25e2a47528e5718c77",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-16T10:16:10Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-02-16T10:16:10Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "1cc6d353438c8682c6b37e0d6c827644da67998a"
      },
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "Thanks!",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-16T10:16:04Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:16:04Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 19,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTc0MDg5ODkz",
      "title": "Proposals/issues by Ben",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/19",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "fixes #14 #15 #16",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-16T10:30:22Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-16T10:31:30Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "9dd92e7fa92d2ead1fede3c83385b91d0e22f313",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-5",
      "headRefOid": "2ee6805e4afeb8792ce0d07c0c9223d50f39b529",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-16T10:31:25Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-02-16T10:31:24Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "9e2d2dc2f36c3cbc15d41188f7ae69660affb627"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 20,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTc0ODQzMjQy",
      "title": "Some more fixes",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/20",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "ogasser",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Minor issues fixed after full pass read of the document.",
      "createdAt": "2021-02-17T11:24:31Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-02-17T12:54:30Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "9e2d2dc2f36c3cbc15d41188f7ae69660affb627",
      "headRepository": "ogasser/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "master",
      "headRefOid": "a78b4cc548703fa55a68dd1c7b579879fadede31",
      "closedAt": "2021-02-17T12:54:30Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-02-17T12:54:29Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "6c84ca1c87e9a64a850d7ca6925f59897d62e0b7"
      },
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "Thanks!",
          "createdAt": "2021-02-17T12:54:25Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-02-17T12:54:25Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 21,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NjIxMjE3MDI4",
      "title": "Update draft-iab-covid19-workshop.md",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/21",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "kirstyp",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Fleshed out and added to the existing security text and findings, some typo fixes, and added URLs to references section where workshop papers are on the IAB site.",
      "createdAt": "2021-04-22T15:42:53Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:49:23Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "ef1ff849dbe70fb3b1867bcce4fbf963155e3f6d",
      "headRepository": "kirstyp/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "ac47286eec135cc297c8721c7e5507b10aad80f5",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-03T14:49:23Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-05-03T14:49:23Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "be7cef2cb6b6bfd3a7369666692598fe76035f4e"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": [
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NjUwMzgwNzY3",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "1771843"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "COMMENTED",
          "body": "Hi Kirsty, I left a bunch of comments mainly on the intro part. I will revert some of your changes there and merge (and close the PR) now as the later edits to the sec section and conclusion are great. Please check my comments and eventually submit another PR for the intro. My strong recommendation is to rather add a separate paragraph to the introduction rather than try to \"sneak\" it in because that seems to disturb the reading flow and argumentation line (from my point of view).",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:03:51Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 132,
              "body": "While I understand the desire to mention security, I think it really does fit here. I think the first directly consequences of sending everybody home was a change in traffic patterns. Chances in attack behaviour and new security practices where a consequence of that (slightly later). Or what you actually means by security mythologies here?",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:03:52Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 151,
              "body": "I don't think just adding this half-sentence here helps. The point here is about increase in traffic volume (without characterising the traffic at this point). It would probably be much better to add a separate paragraph about attack traffic rather then trying to \"sneak\" it in at places where it doesn't belong.",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:07:42Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 154,
              "body": "Same here. Let's rather at a separate paragraph (please provide a separate PR if possible). video traffic is really only meant to be one example where we have a high number.",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:08:44Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 158,
              "body": "Not sure what the actual content of this statement is supposed to be. But it seems a bit misplaced here in the reading flow for mw.",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:11:33Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 167,
              "body": "This was really just focusing on the Internet technology (which is applied by network operators) and not to be an exhausted list of all entities involved. Again I think a separate paragraph would be much better than trying to squeeze things in.",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:12:40Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 174,
              "body": "Here it also don't seem right to call out the security ecosystem separately (and only the security ecosystem). ",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:14:42Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 195,
              "body": "Good to add another bullet point here but not sure I understand your wording: when you say \"impact on networks\", what networks do you mean? And what do you mean by \"increased home working infrastructure\"? ",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:18:09Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 274,
              "body": "Thanks these edits and additions are all great and ready to merge!",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:21:29Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 313,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nsome re-allocation of resources, as well as consequent application and\r\ncontinuation of existing security defences, but not fundamental technology or\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:24:32Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 331,
              "body": "This is also great to add! Thanks!",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:26:40Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:29:49Z"
            }
          ]
        },
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NjUwNDA1Njcw",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "1771843"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "APPROVED",
          "body": "These are the proposed edits that revert some of the changes in order to merge this bigger PR now. An new and separate PR should be created for changes to the intro; preferably add a new paragraph on security.",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:30:53Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 132,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nto traffic volumes, location of traffic, as well as shifts in the type of traffic\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:30:54Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 151,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nInternet Exchange Points (IXPs) is similarly on the rise. Most forms\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:31:20Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 154,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nmultimedia traffic growing in some cases more than 200%. And user time\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:31:40Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 158,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:31:53Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 167,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nproviders have been able to respond to large and sudden changes in traffic\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:32:32Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 166,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nit is interesting to see how the technology, implemented by operators and service\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:33:03Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 174,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nexperience or the intended function of the services is equally\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:33:28Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 178,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nwhat types of network management and capacity expansion actions were\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:34:03Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            },
            {
              "originalPosition": 195,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\n* the impact of COVID-related scams on the home working infrastructure, as threat actors made use of the attack surface resulting from the shift to home-working in a global crisis\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:35:51Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:39:08Z"
            }
          ]
        },
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NjUwNDIwMjU1",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "1771843"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "COMMENTED",
          "body": "",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:46:28Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:46:29Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 340,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nmobile networks; Kirsty Paine for text on security impacts; and thanks to Jason Livingood for his review and additions.\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-03T14:46:29Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-03T14:46:29Z"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 23,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NjI5ODUwNzEz",
      "title": "Sentence about security in intro",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/23",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-05-04T14:32:49Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:14:57Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "be7cef2cb6b6bfd3a7369666692598fe76035f4e",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-5",
      "headRefOid": "b333c0a86948a378f738c65dec5a6e14d05d6ef7",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-04T15:06:02Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-05-04T15:06:01Z",
      "mergedBy": "jariarkko",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "0b2f6608c802e2e59711a7454ccb31e591bd0590"
      },
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "jariarkko",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "Looks ok, though the security part is now a tad lengthy compared to the others. But ok maybe not worth tweaking beyond this.",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-04T15:05:10Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T15:05:10Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 24,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NjI5ODU1Njc2",
      "title": "Reverting section 2 (scope) to the original text as used by CfP",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/24",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-05-04T14:38:58Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:14:57Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "be7cef2cb6b6bfd3a7369666692598fe76035f4e",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-6",
      "headRefOid": "6a4951c8e9ae8d0f47ae92aee5129b60da14398b",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-04T15:22:14Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-05-04T15:22:14Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "a90407418ddcae8317d62f86d4422ff8d558da0b"
      },
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "jariarkko",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "Looks ok",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-04T15:04:01Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T15:04:01Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 25,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NjI5ODU5MDU4",
      "title": "add term observability in conclusion",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/25",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-05-04T14:43:23Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T10:14:55Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "be7cef2cb6b6bfd3a7369666692598fe76035f4e",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-7",
      "headRefOid": "e201675ae7e7db17d0250ffef7390077504c0005",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-04T15:32:37Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-05-04T15:32:37Z",
      "mergedBy": "jariarkko",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "36efcbe80d4e8b7f7f47fe6fbbb6accc364eae28"
      },
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "jariarkko",
          "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
          "body": "Looks good, but maybe ...understand of the health...=> ...understand the health ...",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-04T15:00:55Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T15:00:55Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": [
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NjUxMzY3NDEz",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "195649e"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "COMMENTED",
          "body": "",
          "createdAt": "2021-05-04T15:21:47Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T15:21:47Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 5,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\n* Improve observability to better understand the health of the Internet: Going forward,\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-05-04T15:21:47Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-05-04T15:21:59Z"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 26,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NjMwODMyMzU4",
      "title": "Update conclusions",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/workshop-covid19/pull/26",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "csperkins",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "This reverts the change to the conclusions that Stephen Farrell requested, then rewrites the conclusions in a more uniform style with active voice.",
      "createdAt": "2021-05-05T19:03:24Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-05-05T19:14:16Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "36efcbe80d4e8b7f7f47fe6fbbb6accc364eae28",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/workshop-covid19",
      "headRefName": "csperkins-conclusions",
      "headRefOid": "0e06079a3cdeee2dca9eddd5a42bcff84885ac08",
      "closedAt": "2021-05-05T19:14:08Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-05-05T19:14:08Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "e98e4adbd09c520266241178ccd40a9327fc5e9a"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    }
  ]
}